Superdense coding kata finish (#1479)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/superdense_coding/protocol_e2e/solution.md

> We can put together the operations defined in the previous tasks to run superdense protocol E2E.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can put together the operations defined in the previous tasks to run superdense coding protocol end-to-end.
```

> - Prepare an EPR Pair

Reviewer: Same update here to match the task description
